"We see three critical differences between programming and software engineering: time, scale, and the trade-offs at play. On a software engineering project, engineers need to be more concerned with the passage of time and the eventual need for change. In a software engineering organization, we need to be more concerned about scale and efficiency, both for the software we produce as well as for the organization that is producing it. Finally, as software engineers, we are asked to make more complex decisions with higher-stakes outcomes, often based on imprecise estimates of time and growth."


"Within Google, we sometimes say, “Software engineering is programming integrated over time.” Programming is certainly a significant part of software engineering: after all, programming is how you generate new software in the first place. If you accept this distinction, it also becomes clear that we might need to delineate between programming tasks (development) and software engineering tasks (development, modification, maintenance). The addition of time adds an important new dimension to programming. Cubes aren’t squares, distance isn’t velocity. Software engineering isn’t programming."


Eu entendi sobre o texto é que para trabalhar nessa area de engenharia de softaware necessita saber lidar com riscos e pressâo, alem de ser necessario estar sempre por dentro de mudanças que podem acontecer ou nao acontecer dentro do cenario da tecnologia.Alem disso ser uma pessoa que possui uma boa capacidade de inovaçao e criar novas ideias pode ser fundamental em sua carreira. Agora sobre programaçao, tempo, escala e trand-offs , o que entendi sobre isso foi que a engenharia de softaware consiste nesses quatro fatores       
